# Corey: COVID Buddy

Welcome to Corey! The COVID Buddy.

Corey: COVID Buddy is a powerful mobile “assistant” application that utilizes IBM Watson to engage in friendly conversations with users. Through these conversations, Corey conducts coronavirus self-assessments, tracks symptom severity data, creates anxiety reduction strategies based on the conversation, and provides answers, personalized tips, and recommendations relating to COVID-19. Relevant conversation data is extracted and stored in a cloud database, then used to generate symptom severity reports that can be emailed to the user and shared with their medical provider. This conversation data is further analyzed and used to find correlations between symptom severity progression/regression and COVID-19. These findings can be used to aid in the development of new treatments, vaccines, and cures.

With all of the in-app features listed above and the feature to voice and/or video chat with local medical providers (in progress), Corey is a great everyday tool for anybody living during these tough times. While Corey has an immediate impact on users’ lives through the use of these features, Corey’s long term goal is to help end the pandemic. By using the Corey: COVID Buddy app and agreeing to share relevant conversation data, everybody can easily do their part in helping with this process.

Corey: COVID Buddy is fully functional and can immediately be used by millions of people worldwide. Medical providers can easily read the generated symptom severity reports and use them to gain a deeper insight into their patients' symptoms. Data scientists and research groups can analyze data collected by Corey to find these correlations between symptom severity progression/regression and COVID-19. 

Corey: COVID Buddy is better than existing solutions because it combines the individual features/functionalities that may be found in other related solutions into one powerful, easy-to-use application. Self-assessments are based on information from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Daily symptom tracking is efficient and can instantly generate easy-to-read symptom severity reports. Anxiety reduction strategies are based on information from the Anxiety and Depression Association of America. Answers, tips, and recommendations relating to COVID-19 are accurate and actively updated. To make Corey an even better tool for users, the addition of the voice and video chat with local medical providers functionality is in progress and will be integrated soon.

Corey: COVID Buddy currently helps with the coronavirus pandemic, but its code can be slightly altered to help with other viruses and pandemics in the future. Corey’s chat dialog information can easily be updated through it’s IBM Watson Assistant instance in the IBM Cloud. This means that self-assessments and information pertaining to other health conditions, diseases, viruses, or pandemics can be added to Corey at any time.
